NO-DED adding x-agent-id to Web and RTM Agent Chat API (#1372)
livechat/livechat-public-docs: src/pages/messaging/agent-chat-api/index.mdx

💡 The maximum duration of the `page_id` parameter before it expires is one month.

> ## Bots

Reviewer: I'm not sure about the title of this section. I'd see something more specific, such as "Calling the API as a bot" or something like that? To inform that this section doesn't describe bots in general, but tackles a specific scenario.

Also, I think we should link this section [here](https://deploy-preview-1372--livechat-public-docs.netlify.app/messaging/agent-chat-api#methods) 👇
<img width="821" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42515529/236184101-f58c5aaa-745c-42b5-9e36-309e7019f70f.png">

Author: Yup, a specific title will be much better now that you have written it.

> Sometimes, you want to [send an event as a bot](#send-event). To call an event, you need to have a token that allows you to send it. The token can be easily generated for an agent, but you cannot generate a token for a bot. The other time you want to [add a user to your chat](#add-user-to-chat), and this user happens to be a bot in the group with no access to this chat, so you cannot add it.  

Reviewer: Not sure if "call an event" is the best collocation. Maybe "to do it", which will refer to sending an event from the previous sentence?

Author: You are right; it sounds like a purple pose. I will change it.

> Sometimes, you want to [send an event as a bot](#send-event). To call an event, you need to have a token that allows you to send it. The token can be easily generated for an agent, but you cannot generate a token for a bot. The other time you want to [add a user to your chat](#add-user-to-chat), and this user happens to be a bot in the group with no access to this chat, so you cannot add it.  

Author: ```suggestion
Sometimes, you want to [send an event as a bot](#send-event). To do it, you need to have a token that allows you to send it. The token can be easily generated for an agent, but you cannot generate a token for a bot. The other time you want to [add a user to your chat](#add-user-to-chat), and this user happens to be a bot in the group with no access to this chat, so you cannot add it.  
```

> In both situations, the `X-Author-Id` header comes with a helping hand. With it, you can authorize using the agent’s token and send the event as a bot or add a bot to a chat even if the bot belongs to the group that has no access to this chat.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In both situations, the `X-Author-Id` header is what you need to include in your request. With it, you can authorize using the agent’s token and send the event as a bot or add a bot to a chat even if the bot belongs to the group that has no access to this chat.
```

Reviewer: I imagined the header with hands :P I know it's not literal, but still

> `X-Author-Id: <bot_id>` header is needed with a [bearer token](/authorization/agent-authorization/) that needs to have the same `client_id` as the bot or [PAT](/authorization/agent-authorization#personal-access-tokens) that is from the organization that owns the bot's `client_id`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`X-Author-Id: <bot_id>` header is needed with a [Bearer Token](/authorization/agent-authorization/) that needs to have the same `client_id` as the bot or [PAT](/authorization/agent-authorization#personal-access-tokens) that is from the organization that owns the bot's `client_id`.
```

Reviewer: We capitalize it in other docs
